title~1281
author~Mishina Ruka
dateTime~29/03/2020 12:47:00
Good evening

It's Mishina Ruka

{img}https://obs.line-scdn.net/0hFF30OxShGWkOSTGOFZhmPngUHwZ3KgNhZDEOU3sfE0d7JQ5pZjMTVn8PGRp-LBx6YnADX2gcWzplMQ1Ncl0hdkIXOllbPFk3ZngvTXktIi1wHS4_aFMEEytNTl0mfV04NCZWB35KT1gjfBs-YXwEDX5PQA/small

I'm writing this because I can't sleep because of the concert today (even though I'm sure the real reason is because I just can't sleep in general)

The 5th anniversary concert, the concert without an audience, is over!

It's really hard to put into words, but

It was fun

First of all, I'm really happy we got to perform at the Shibuya Public Hall, and I'm grateful that everyone was able to prepare the environment for me in such a short period of time

But no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't help but feel frustrated

The lack of people makes me wonder whether if it was really a concert

Of course, there are times when I've sung in a similar setting in other livestreams, but it was originally meant to be a concert in front of a full audience, so it ended up feeling a bit lonely.
I'd been looking forward to it ever since the Free Live at Yoyogi park

I was more frustrated than I thought I would be

And here I am again, so frustrated with myself for saying it

However it's not fun to just say this

I'm so glad that I was able to deliver the live performance even in such an inconvenient situation.

I'm sure there are a lot of people out there who aren't doing what they want to do, who are depressed, who are stressed out.
And in the midst of all this, I just want to blow it all up and forget about it.
I just want to make you feel like you're having fun and spend time with you.
That was my first thought

I'll be happy if you had fun

I've done all I could do, but it wasn't enough, and I can't wait to perform with everyone again!

right?

I feel like I've really spent a lot of time with everyone over the last 5 years.
I felt it in my heart.
Thank you so much for getting us this far.

We will continue to deliver many good things to you.
We're going to have a lot of fun in the 6th year.
It would be great if you could watch it!
I'm still dancing and singing!

Again, it was a really good day.
I think going on, we will look back on it being a good day

{img}https://obs.line-scdn.net/0hVJbR7AwlCWVfKyGCRNl2Mil2DwomSBNtNVMeXyp9A0sqRx5lN1EDWi5tCRYvTgx2MxITUzl-Sw8FHU5vAC8uAnsvPygOXAZIKB8hZ31tVVZ7czs1FDQEH3ovXlF3H001YkVGCy8oX1B1HAsyMB4UAS8jUw/small

There's more to come

Mishina Ruka

{original}https://lineblog.me/theworldstandard/archives/1062453346.html