title~Mishina Ruka 1273
author~ruka
dateTime~31/12/2019 20:07:00
Good evening

It's Mishina Ruka

{img}https://obs.line-scdn.net/0hvbD3-VOqKU15SgEgm8ZWGg8XLyIAKTNFEzI-dwwcI2MMJj5NETAjcggMKT4JLyxeFXMzex8fayoPDyZfFlgjfBguP30uKBhuJX4Zajs3KBUSczdYMi04N1xOcXtSfGoaQitmIw4ad3VVeysaFilgK1sYJA/small

It doesn't feel like the year is going to end
but the end of the year is the end of the year after all
it doesn't matter what it feels like


I heard it's New Year's Eve


I was thinking about what 2020 was going to be like, but 2020 is tomorrow
It's scary〜

scaryーーーー


I've been doing a lot in 2019
There was so much going on
it feels like a distant memory
but every time I look back
I'm surprised that it was only this year


I still want to have fun every day
There's more to come
I feel like I'm stronger than ever


Personally, I was really happy with the photo book
right
I looked at it again recently and though it was a good photobook, so if you haven't got it yet, please do
(^_-)


Also, as we recently announced
On the 21st of March I'll have a solo live
The second part of the event will just be like a normal birthday event

I've been planning to do this for a long time because I wanted to do it but worried a lot about whether I actually was up to it or not

It's something I'm grateful about、、、seriously、、

I'm going to perform with everything in my heart
I would be so happy if you could come！！！！！！！！！！！

I've been feeling restless lately, and I'm sure I'll be like this until March〜
I have to do my best
The week after I was born, I'll be at the Shibuya Public Hall, it'll be so much funーーーーー
My heart's all over the place〜


I haven't even been back to my parents' house for New Years eve this year
So it doesn't feel like the end of the year
Not like spending the time with mum at home


This is the first time I've spent the New Year in Tokyo


"I'd like to do a countdown or something" she mutters in a small voice


That's it for Mishina Ruka's blog 2019


There are things I couldn't do this year, even things I still can't do now so I'll take them on next year, in overtime
But there's nothing in particular that I wanted to do during the year and couldn't do

I'm alive and well

Well then, happy new year＾＾

Mishina Ruka

{original}https://lineblog.me/theworldstandard/archives/1062451574.html